Add more documentation (#32)
QwantResearch/addresses-importer: README.md

The big part of this project being the deduplication process and cleaning the data.

## Workflow

> It first imports the addresses from the importers. You might want to take a look at them directly if you want more information on a specific importer.

Reviewer: There was a pleaunasm :D

```suggestion
It first loads addresses data using the importers. You might want to take a look in `[importers](/importers)/{source name}` if you want more information on a specific importer.
```

Maybe it could be fancy (and useful?) to list all importers explicitly here with a link to the corresponding README and source?

Author: Not sure if it's a good idea. All the importers are visible in the importers folder after all...

To make sure they generate the same kind of data, we wrote a trait called `CompatibleDB` which is available in `tools/src/lib.rs` alongside an `Address` type. Therefore, the importers are forced to all provide the same information in the same format. It's then up to the caller to implement them however they want.

> Once the imports are done, all the data is merged into one big file. However, to do so we need to deduplicate addresses. This is where the `deduplicator` comes in. As usual, more information can be found in its README file.

Reviewer: I think it was important to detail what is the goal of this "deduplication", this may even be a vocabulary we only internally use.

```suggestion
Once the imports are done, all the data is merged into one big file. However, a same address may have been imported several times from different sources and sometime several time in the same source. This is where the `[deduplicator](/deduplicator)` comes in. As usual, more information can be found in its README file.
```
